---
date: '2025-01-05'
episode_title: Ukraine, War, Peace, Putin, Trump, NATO, and Freedom
guest: Volodymyr Zelenskyy
id: lex_456
pod_host: Lex
pod_length: 3
pod_notes: The POWER of podcasts
pod_num: 456
rating: 9.6
title: 'Lex #456'
Pod_Points: 28.8
Youtube LInk: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u321m25rKXc
Youtube ID: u321m25rKXc
categories:
- Government
- Ukraine
- Ukraine/Russia
- Politics
- War
- Trump
- Russia
- Putin
- World Leader
- World Leaders
num_views: 7356161
num_likes: 161730
num_comments: 76327
days_online: 241
view_density: 30523.49
view_density_weekly: 213664
---








This was incredible---seeing Lex do this interview with the president of Ukraine (while they are in War, weeks before Trump comes in office to try and settle in war), in mutliple langauges, for 2.5+ hours, was like seeing the reality of Lex’s dream of having the most important conversations in the world.  Bringing a voice and sense of humanity to the people that seem too big to be human.   Recently it had been trump and Javier Milei in the realm of world politics, and it feels like it peaked here with Zelensky, especially because of the way Lex did this podcast.  While being incredibl serious and direct, Lex was able to keep a lightness—almost a humor or friendship, between Zilensky that was immensely both refreshing and powerful at the same time.  We got to see the humanity of Zilnesky.  Another great aspect was the way Lex continued to push for a peace option and a future, and through this provided a voice and humanity for Putin—something that I doubt is or has been done to Zilensky or anti-putin american leaders.  This helped, in my opinion, Zilensky literally see some of the bias and hatred in his words and mind and put them aside to try and find compromise with Putin.  This is absolutely what I think needs to be done to resolve conflict (of any kind), and especially of war, and is extremely able to be done in a long form conversation like this that is led by Lex.  Lex continued to emphasize his hope and dream to speak with putin, to get the conversation out to russians, and I hope and even believe that this will be done, to some extent.  If Lex gets Putin in, it could lead to some kind of compromise or peace, and be the greatest use of podcasts and conversation in history.  But even without it, this podcast felt historic.  To me, it was the way that Lex was able to be the voice of reason and of peace and of humanity to Zilensky that was so beautiful, and hopefully will help him to find that when negotiating and trying to find a path to peace.  The intro and outros about langauge were also amazing, and such an important point and perspective to bring to this kind of conversation.  This is missed in the tucker putin interview, and any other newscast about these people when they speak.  Lex also brings us a bit along with his journey and the reality of the situation.  During the intro and outro the most, I was getting chills and could feel the Holy Spirit.  Great Job lex, a true milestone of an episode and podcast, and hope to see you with Putin and back home soon.