---
date: '2025-03-25'
episode_title: Politics, Trump, AOC, Elon & DOGE
guest: Ezra Klein and Derek Thompson
id: lex_462
pod_host: Lex
pod_length: 3.5
pod_notes: Liberals are people too!
pod_num: 462
rating: 7
title: 'Lex #462'
categories:
- Politics
- Democrats
- Liberals
- Podcasts
- Trump
- Elon
- DOGE
- Author
Pod_Points: 24.5
Youtube LInk: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DTPSeeKokdo&t=10093s
Youtube ID: DTPSeeKokdo
num_views: 896112
num_likes: 7968
num_comments: 2360
days_online: 162
view_density: 5531.56
view_density_weekly: 38720
---








Finally, lex had on a liberal to talk politics, something that I’ve been waiting for thorughout the whole election (although he did hve cenk uygur and bernie more recently). The conversation overall was great and interesting and eye opening to how solid and true most liberal type policies are in theory.  But something was offputting about this episode, especially since it was two people, but in the thumbnails on youtube it just showed Ezra. Why did you need to have both of them on together?  Both of these guys were interestinga nd well spoken and having them share a stage took away from their lives and backstory, which we got little to none because of it.  Instead, it just felt like a big pitch to sell their book.  This is something I don’t like about the way liberals are, doing things for money (as they discuss about the kamala campaign), and this was the first time ever I felt that lex played a bit into that.  While I don’t think it was necessarily for his own gain, it felt like the whole episode was a plug for their book and for liberal ideology as a whole.  I really liked the disucssion on housing, and on DOGE, and this should be listened to by more right leaning people and I hope it does.  But as someone who trys to stand in the middle of all this, I do feel it still puts lex to the right since he doesn’t treat the sides equally—when has two conservatives came on and sat together and shared the studio with lex?