---
date: '2024-09-12'
episode_title: The Roman Empire - Rise and Fall of Ancient Rome | Lex Fridman Podcast #443
guest: Gregory Aldrete
id: lex_443
pod_host: Lex
pod_length: 3.5
pod_notes: Roman History is Human history
pod_num: 443
rating: 7.9
title: 'Lex #443'
Youtube LInk: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DyoVVSggPjY&t=1s
Youtube ID: DyoVVSggPjY
categories:
- History
- Rome
- Religion
- Empires
- War
- Slavery
- Ancient
Pod_Points: 27.65
num_views: 6031263
num_likes: 59178
num_comments: 4484
days_online: 356
view_density: 16941.75
view_density_weekly: 118592
---








Greg was a classic, well spoken, excited, and consistent historian.  He absoultely knew his stuff and didn’t skip a beat.  A neat story and narrative came through while lex and him went through the roman empire, which was kind of his life and his books and his love of the Romans and different anecdotes about what he thinks are interesting.  For example, the armor and his book/paper/project on it, Augustus his fav emporer, and his thesis as an answer to one of lex's questions.  There was also very interesting connections to modern time and human nature, especially with the point of an emporer/ leader being crazy/bad and not necessarily effecting all of its people.  Many people are saying they love historians, and I agree.  But I think its nuanced why; they are so knowledgable, and lexs style of questions and slow jump back and forth to modern time and connections with people like hitler and ideas like nukes makes this an exciting way to think about history.  Weird/interesting how relevant this feels when thinking about elections.  Also, the connection romans have with legacy and descendants and will was really interesting and made me think deeply.  This episode also reassured me a lot of the things I see in netflix shows about romans as somewhat accurate, interesting.