---
date: '2020-09-05'
episode_title: Eugenia Kuyda
guest: Eugenia Kuyda
id: lex_121
pod_host: Lex
pod_length: 3
pod_notes: Russian AI Love
pod_num: 121
rating: 8.3
title: 'Lex #121'
categories:
- Love
- AI
- Deep Learning
- Conversations
- Russia
- Chat GPT
Pod_Points: 24.9
Youtube LInk: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_AGPbvCDBCk&t=5093s
Youtube ID: _AGPbvCDBCk
num_views: 296607
num_likes: 6190
num_comments: 896
days_online: 1824
view_density: 162.61
view_density_weekly: 1138
---


These two had such awesome chemistry, and I hope hooked up after this. Their connection with russia and nerdy and longely ties and AI and robots was so strong and they were mirrors of eachother in different genders. Eugenias story was very powerful, and I was not expecting that the compnay she made to be directly based of of her lover, who died suddenly by being hit by a car.  What a cool thing, and this was such a striking story that tied into her love for AI and future companies that just kept me on the edge of my seat the entire episode. Indeed, as Eugenia states, it seems like miracles and good things follow her, and id add that this happens even through/after suffering. Everything happens for a reason, and her story emulates this principle. Lex was clearly touched by eugenia and her story, and wasn’t too astonunded with her openly until the very end where he made a powerful statement about this conversation changing the trajectory of his life. Perfect lex—kept the interview strong throughout and waited until the end to be sappy. This conversation is great for people to jump to after they start to like lex, or someone who is interested in AI applications, especially chat and conversational AI. Lex pushed hard on some personal questions, that intiailly I felt was too much, but then when the conversation unfolded I thought it made it deper and better. Should have on again!!