---
date: '2025-03-22'
episode_title: The Primeagen
guest: The Primeagen
id: lex_461
pod_host: Lex
pod_length: 5.5
pod_notes: A Nice, Long, DICT
pod_num: 461
rating: 8.4
title: 'Lex #461'
categories:
- Content
- Youtube
- Programming
- Streaming
- Addiction
- Journey
- Passion
Pod_Points: 46.2
Youtube LInk: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tNZnLkRBYA8
Youtube ID: tNZnLkRBYA8
num_views: 1742327
num_likes: 35056
num_comments: 3279
days_online: 165
view_density: 10559.56
view_density_weekly: 73916
---








This conversation felt like it went through the entire life of Michale Paulson, aka Primeagen.  I love these kinds of conversations with interesting people, especially those who have found themselves and gone through things in the past like Michael has.  It almost ends up feeling like a biography almost, but that’s way more exciting to listen to then it is to read one.  Anyway, the backstory of Primeagen was great and super engaging for the first 1.5 or so hours.  This is the kind of hook you love from Lex and his guests, where lex just keeps diving and cutting in deeper into the psychology and backstory and meaning into someones existance.  This elegently flowed into programming and people in his life and streaming and making his youtube channel.  For me the dullest part came when they nerded out about the programming setup, but even that was kind of fun to listen to. For a non programmer, the 1st half and last 30 minutes are a must listen, and id 2x that intermediate 2 hours.  This was just very long, but was so engaging that it was cool.  The vibes they had, the friendship and love, which felt like they were long-lost friends, made for a very fun and interesting and good vibe.  Oh, and apparently all of Primeagens listeners get him with Ligma and DICT, so had to put that here in short note.