---
date: '2025-04-08'
episode_title: Israel, Ukraine, Epstein, Mossad, Conspiracies & Antisemitism
guest: Dave Smith
id: lex_464
pod_host: Lex
pod_length: 3.5
pod_notes: Podcasts provide Liberty
pod_num: 464
rating: 8.4
title: 'Lex #464'
categories:
- Comedy
- Ukraine/Russia
- Israel/Palestine
- War
- Libertarian
- Conspiracys
- Rogan
- Podcasts
Pod_Points: 29.4
Youtube LInk: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1V0bJfqEaa4
Youtube ID: 1V0bJfqEaa4
num_views: 888943
num_likes: 14631
num_comments: 4835
days_online: 148
view_density: 6006.37
view_density_weekly: 42044
---








This was an awesome counter podcast to the douglas murray episode released a few days before. I felt this was much better as it wasn’t as niche, and didn’t soley focus on the wars.  It also touched some wider ideas, like podcasts generally, rogan, epstein, liberty and libertarianism, and specific stories. For someone already following lex, this is a must listen and super exciting. Their discussion on the power of podcasts and relationships that are formed and the psychology of it is especially important for me as someone who has truly felt this, but has difficulty explaining it into words.  For a newcomer or non fan of lex, this might be offputting, but it wasn’t talked about until way later.  Everyone should appreciate the open mindedness and strong negative energy towards governments, wars, hatred, murder, and the consistancy at which Dave address this.  I was surprised he was actually a comedian, because this podcasts was not necessarily funny. But his angle as a comedian made the pod even deeper nad hit harder.  I love to see comedians perspectives and deep thoughts—it’s a similar vibe for many scientists who are awesome people.  The ones who are willing to think broadly and openly and speak their minds are the most interesting and valuable people, and dave is up there as far as comedians go.