---
date: '2023-02-10'
episode_title: Sex Work, OnlyFans, Porn, Escorting, Dating, and Human Sexuality
guest: Aella
id: lex_358
pod_host: Lex
pod_length: 4
pod_notes: Lex on Sex--maybe he is a robot…
pod_num: 358
rating: 7.1
title: 'Lex #358'
Youtube LInk: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cFSrxSBrgSc
Youtube ID: cFSrxSBrgSc
categories:
- Porn
- Pornography
- Childhood
- Relationships
- Sex
- Genitals
Pod_Points: 28.4
num_views: 1585171
num_likes: 25686
num_comments: 5585
days_online: 936
view_density: 1693.56
view_density_weekly: 11854
---








Lex really put himself out there with this one, having a popular OF person on and diving right into sex and kinks and escorts. While this was the main topic of discussion, lex ties in a lot of deper questions and ideas, and even scientific questioning and experimentation that Aella does, often in this 4 hour episode. It was kind of cute seeing lex disucssing these things, and sometimes a bit cringe. But my biggest problem here is that lex never pushes back at Aella with what she is doing, in the sense that he just assumes its all ok and not wrong. Even when he brings up porn that discussion was very concise and he almost does push back but decides not to. In this sense, I felt lex was off his game and maybe letting the fact that she was a sex worker bias his questions. But he does elegantly dive into the nuances of sex work and her minset in a way I’ve never really seen with someone in this profession and really gets into her psychology. Aella also pushes back questions to lex often so we get to see this thoughtful and nice version of lex that is often hidden behind his slow/monotonous quesionts.  This is an interesting podcast that I’d really like to see how others thought of it, as I think it could be good/bad depending on your experiences with OF and porn.