---
date: '2025-08-13'
episode_title: ' The Case Against War and the Military Industrial Complex'
guest: Scott Horton
id: lex_478
pod_host: Lex
pod_length: 10.5
pod_notes: The MEGA-ULTRA-Podcast
pod_num: 478
rating: 7.8
title: 'Lex #478'
categories:
- Israel/Palestine
- Ukraine/Russia
- Iran
- Nuclear
- War
- History
- Violence
- Suffering
- Military 
- Military Industrial Complex
Pod_Points: null
Youtube LInk: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y3yAVZk3tyA
Youtube ID: y3yAVZk3tyA
num_views: 587722
num_likes: 13811
num_comments: 3508
days_online: 21
view_density: 27986.76
view_density_weekly: 195907
---








Scott is so chalk filled with references and names and facts from so many different experts and journalists and people, its actually remarkable.  He also writes a huge number of references in all of his books, so it makes sense.  What was really cool was how scott clearly re-watched this and fact checked himself (or at the least someone else did), which goes to show how careful and rigorous he is.  This is admirable.  The reality and complexity and backstory for the Military Industrial complex and America's involvement in the middle east is incredibly overwhleming, and also makes a 10.5 hour MONSTER of a podcast actually necessary and worth listening to (if you care enough about these details).  I was definitely not focused the entire time, but it held onto my attention pretty well 50-75% of the time (over 6 days of listening...lol).  I was rating throughout, and felt a 7.5-8 waivering depenidng on the different topics, and ended up at a 7.6 with a long and drawn out ending about the Ukraine/Russia war (reminded me of Putin and other historian type angles that are just drowning in random details).  In general that was a major 'flaw', not necessarily with Scott, but just with the topic.  SO much going on and its so complex and alot of it sounds crazy/mean with a tone of your grandpa, so its just hard to listen to.  Would recommend trying to listen to most on 1.5/2x speed if possible and you actually care about alot of this, and then slowing down when things are interesting to you.  