---
date: '2024-07-02'
episode_title: Ivanka Trump
guest: Ivanka Trump
id: lex_436
pod_host: Lex
pod_length: 3
pod_notes: Damn Ivanka, I see you
pod_num: 436
rating: 8.9
title: 'Lex #436'
Youtube LInk: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2oxdDKHdcM8&t=170s
Youtube ID: 2oxdDKHdcM8
categories:
- Family
- Trump
- Real Estate
- Music
- Politics
- Parenting
- Architecture
Pod_Points: 26.7
num_views: 2322412
num_likes: 36925
num_comments: 7120
days_online: 428
view_density: 5426.2
view_density_weekly: 37983
---








What a great, friendly, intense, fun, and powerful conversation from a person that I wasn’t expect to be so… Normal?? I don’t really follow politics, and didn’t really realize she was the senior advisor to Trump (or what that meant), but you get to see the beauty of that and learn about it in the perfect amount of detail in this conversation.  Weather you like Trump, Biden, Ivanka, or not, this is a great conversation.  Ivanka is extremely well spoken, very similar to her husband Jared Kushner, and kind of makes Lex seem silly at times (in a good way).  Her insight on real estate was profound and something I have never really heard from any guest on Lex's pod.  What it meant to serve the country for her was so beautiful and powerful, and it felt incredible genuine.  Honestly, and maybe she was putting on a bit of a show, everything she said felt extremely genuine.  She showed some insecurities of being in front of a camera and being a parent, and this made her all the more impressive.  A couple of great moments in this convo:  ivanka gets asked about meaning, and says 'Meaning of life is to make meaning, and make relationships'.  In general she comes off as very humble, listening to the every day person, feeling their stories--for example she says when she was in office people would open up to her with what felt like family secrets, and those stories stuck with her.  You could feel some of the emotion (for example the mom who lost her kids when in an interview story).  The fact that she's wealthy was never even a thing in this conversation, which is kind of while considering her life.  So overall, just a really cool personification of someone who you might think of as a talking head.  'Politicians' (if you want to call her that) are people too.